# CS-340-Client-Server-Development
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Generally speaking, one would like to always apply recommended coding guidelines and standards when developing the application.  It is also important to plan correctly before beginning to construct the application.  The CRUD module was develop with these aspects in mind and was constructed to be portable and modular so it could be reused time and again.  This is advantageous because one only has to create the CRUD module once and does not need to worry about developing this module from scratch again.  Sure, one may need to go in and tweak a couple of functions from time to time but it would likely take little work compared to creating a new CRUD moduel from scratch each time.  


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

"What is the big picture?", "What is the end goal and what does the client desire?", "How can we make this flow and work for the end user?", "How do we  apply proper guidelines to the development of this application?".  These are all questions that immediately pop into my head as I was tasked with completing this project.  Now that I am working on bigger projects that have multiple elements, it changes how I approach and develop these projects.  In order to properly create and manage database applications to meet the client requests, I would have to ensure I correctly gather client requirements and base the development of the database from this to make sure I am capturing the client needs.  Lastly, in terms if the scope of the whole application, I would test and test again to ensure I am delivering an application with the desired output.  

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists help create software, grow it and expand it to meet the ever evolving needs of the world.  With the continued shift to and advancement of technology as a whole, computer scientists play a large role in designing, creating and maintaining applications and programs to help businesses or individuals.  Specifically for this project, this company is now equipped with an application that can locate and identify breeds of animal to assist with search and rescue training.  The application helps them quickly locate and identify specified animals based on certain specifications.    

